[Music]
hi everybody we're going to have a
phenomenal conversation in just a moment
here with Christopher bash who I
consider to be and I know he'll be
blushing if I say this but really a hero
of our times for being willing to take
on a journey that most of us would not
be able to withstand to find out about
the nature of Consciousness the mind of
the universe in his book LSD the mind of
the universe he shares with us his
experiences of some I think 73 different
Journeys he did with a very prescribed
protocol and with someone sitting with
him and protecting him over decades to
be able to Journey uh sequentially
further and further out into what the
future of humanity looks like so here we
go meet Christopher bash if you don't
already know him hello Christopher it's
so good to see you Hi how are you I'm
doing well I'll tell you um I say that
uh very sincerely after reading your
book and uh the other people who I know
who have read your book as well the
question that comes up about halfway
through is why in the world did he
continue when you went through that much
pain that much suffering enough that it
took months even a year to recover from
a journey but you would come back you
were Relentless in your search so to
just set it up really briefly for people
what made you do this you're a professor
of theology philosophy what made you go
on this journey starting way back when
at first I think it was a foolish uh
strategy to push it as hard as I did but
I didn't know any better at the time
where I was young and stupid uh but I
was trained as a philosopher of religion
with a passionate desire to understand
the Deep structure of the Universe I had
studied some of the great minds in our
Western philosophical and Eastern
Traditions uh when I found this meth
methodology that Stan made available I
just decided to push it as long and as
hard as I could and I there was a great
deal of suffering on it episodically and
periodically but at the end of every
episode of intense suffering there would
be a breakr into an episode or phase of
deep ecstatic Bliss and and deep
transpersonal encounter and the value of
those insights and that
ecstasy balanced out out more than
balanced out uh the transient episodes
of suffering in the beginning when you
first started the journey the very
beginning part was um what you title in
the book and it took you 20 years or so
after all these experiences to finally
write this book and put it out for the
rest of us was called the death of the
ego and while you were in the midst of
it you were saying what was I thinking
so let's just set it up with what that
very first and we only have about 45
minutes people are going to have to read
the book themselves we're going to
Hopscotch through the phases you went
through but let's start with what was I
thinking what happens upon the
dissolution of the ego if you want to
allow your Consciousness to expand into
the broader Dimensions the deeper
dimensions of Consciousness you must
surrender the narrow bandwidth of your
individual Body Mind ego and so this
happens slowly or fast convulsively or
smoothly but that identity that we hold
has to be shattered has to be kind of
destroyed uh and when it's destroyed
then your Consciousness does naturally
exp expands into a deeper register a
wider spectrum of Consciousness if you
do this if your journey continues
repeatedly as we'll get to you go
through many such death sequences uh but
it's not repeating the original ego
death the original ego death is kind of
the first transition from your time
space identi
into a deeper spiritual experience of
the universe thank you for that and um
on the subject of death as you come to
say toward the end of the book you
relished the death process by the end
death was something you looked forward
to in each one of these Journeys because
it freed you so much from all of the
constraints in terms of Consciousness
and so we'll we'll build up to that but
one of the parts you went through was
you became a woman you started
experiencing the life birthing all these
elements of being a woman which was part
of your identity is to be a male to be
an academic and so forth just briefly
what was your experience what did that
do to you when you suddenly connected
with the female experience after being
male about two and a half years into my
journey about 10 11 sessions and the
universe put me into this situation
where I could experience nothing except
from within feminine identity a feminine
identity and it was an feminine form a
womanly form that was the exact opposite
of my own U male academic intellectually
oriented form and it was totally
terrifying to experience myself being me
but not being me within a framework that
I'd ever known before and it just
snapped me and so when I let go um and I
yielded then I became
hundreds potentially thousands of women
and was given a a journey into the world
of women under the arm of the great
mother and it was an ecstatic experience
a wonderful experience in fact when it
opened I thought what was I so afraid of
you know what was going why was I afraid
of this this is marvelous uh and what
was the universe was doing was uh it was
basically teaching me that where I was
going gender does not exist so all
gender all roles based on gender and any
aspect of my historical personality had
to be surrendered if I were going to
experience more intimately what is there
in the universe so I would ask you this
on behalf of the men and women watching
this what was the
most either terrifying or irritating and
difficult part initially of being
confronted with a woman's reality the
most terrifying part in the beginning
was it just wasn't my reality it was a
reality but it wasn't my reality and I
couldn't get out of it I was trapped
within a feminine mode of experience it
just wasn't me uh there was nothing
inherently frightening about it and then
when I let go and flowed with that
experience oh what a it was like having
half of the human race open to me that
had not been open to me before now I
believe in reincarnation and I believe
we've been men and women many times so
there's nothing foreign in that way this
was different this was kind of opening
almost into I don't want to say an
archetypal dimension of Womanhood but
certainly to the the
collective uh life being lived by
women uh in history in time so the joy
was just to experience a whole different
way of being alive than I had known as
Chris bash as the academic as the male
engaging in academic convers ation and
here you're dealing with a very
different kind of connection and flow
Between Women yeah I thought that was
fascinating it's an interesting part of
your book I wish every man could have an
experience like this it it truly it does
change things profoundly you know and
the other way around and women should
have the other so we understand what
each other is contending with in our
bodies in this reality so let's move
forward to session 11 and this there
much has happened since then time has
passed of course
but when we go into session 11 it really
becomes about archetypal deep Mass
suffering that you had to go through
witness and experience and if you could
tell us what that body of body of memory
Collective memory felt like and what it
looked like to you that would be helpful
because we're still in it my transition
from an ego death process which is very
personal related to what came over the
next two years was a series of
excruciatingly difficult uh
horrendous waves of of vast Landscapes
of human suffering War violence uh just
unimaginable suffering it was
transitioned by an experience called the
killing of the children and I just want
to mention that because it's an
important signal in between those two I
had this experience of being an old
woman confronting soldiers who were just
killing thousands and thousands of
children just smashing their heads on
rocks just terrible terrible ordeal and
I think this experience was given to me
to prepare for me for what was going to
come this ocean of suffering phase that
is it awakened a depth of compassion in
me which I think was embedded at a soul
level uh to prepare me to take on the
work which is something my soul had
chosen to do in this lifetime what I
learned was that just as individual
trauma gets buried in our individual
psyche and can compromise our individual
health the trauma of history is buried
in the collective psyche of humanity and
uh so anything which is not resolved by
the species in any one generation
accumulates in these massive memory
structures that I call metaco systems
and what I think was happening was that
something guiding my sessions began to
use my sessions in order to confront
absorb and
transmute vast territories of collective
anguish that were embedded in the
collective psyche meaning the patient
stopped being Cris and in some way the
patient became became some aspect of the
human species so with that I want to ask
you about something in that's happening
currently we have all of this um going
on in the Middle East between Palestine
and Israel and we have Collective uh
saking we have Collective anger
depression anxiety all occurring and we
have a propensity toward people who have
been um have proclivities toward
prophecy to look at this as the end
times whether it's a Christian Community
waiting for Rapture whether it's
conspiracy groups saying No this is a
planned end time for Humanity we get
into these end time stories that start
circulating but I want to ask you having
been through what you went through you
have this overlay to it in your psyche
that I'd like to know about could you
tell us how you see these times laid
into what you went through jumping many
years ahead in my work and I
summarized my experiences of our time in
history what's happening underneath the
surface where we're going in a chapter
called the birth of the future human and
there I was given a number of Visions
over many years of humanity coming to a
turning point Humanity coming to a
spiritual breakthrough an evolutionary
Turning Point a shift in the plate
tectonics of the collective psyche and
then eventually in 1995 was taken in a
very deep experience dissolved into the
species mind dissolved into what I call
Deep time being taken into the future
and where I experience experienced a
death and rebirth process of the Human
family altogether not as an individual
but the death and Rebirth of humanity it
was a Global Systems crisis that was
seemed to be precipitated by a series of
escalating ecological crisis now beyond
that I wasn't given any details about it
I wasn't given dates I wasn't given any
specific nothing about artificial
intelligence nothing about a third world
war nothing like that just the
experience of the Human family going
through a prolonged period of an
absolute loss of control and a collapse
of everything they had considered the
normal and necessary Goods or or are
standards of their world ever since that
time I've lived with this awareness and
for me it's not a a projected fantasy
it's not something which I envisioned
it's something which I experienced so
for me me I can't I don't question the
truth of it so I experience this period
of History it's a period of increasing
destabilization and increasing
escalation of conflicts and uh breaking
down all our norms and our norms and
conflict between races conflict between
religions conflict between conflicts
between Sexes between classes all the
tremendous things that we've been doing
to each other terrible things over
thousands and thousands and thousands of
years we have to go beyond where we are
and grow spiritually into the next form
that's emerging I think in an
evolutionary sense in the human as the
human form so I think this is what we're
going into that's why we're beginning to
experience so much
destabilization and I think what's
happening now is not in any way uh a
final or turning point or any final
register I think we're going we're in a
process which will will continue to
deepen for decades and decades to come
so this is I think just the
Overture uh of what's coming and the
terrible events unfolding in the Middle
East and other countries in many African
countries other places in the United
States these are bringing to the surface
ageold
hatreds and we have to transform these
hatreds and and I don't offer any
political social solution to the events
we're looking at my perspective is not
at the ground level my perspective is
from the level far above the Earth
looking at the long evolutionary
trajectory forms thank you for that
incredibly thoughtful and articulate
answer and now what we'll do because we
did Jump Ahead a bit there which we'll
we'll work our way back toward there are
some other things in there but let's go
back now to session number 15 where you
learned about Karma because all of this
has Karma embedded in it you learned
about the essence of Karma and tell us
what you learned about Karma at that
time I had already I mean I was an
academic and I was a professor of
religious studies so I had an
intellectual understanding of karma
which is simply cause and effect
generated by choices that we make there
physical cause and effect processes and
there psychological cause and effect
processes and in the traditional
worldview of of karmic thought
every choice we make sets in motion a
series of events which eventually we
receive the consequences of we receive
the effects of and by receiving the
effects of our choices we learn from
those choices and we make a new set of
choices what I learned in session 15
wasn't so much a theoretical
interpretation of karma because I had
that it was a seeing and being shown the
karma of my particular life I went
through a series of sessions for a year
over and over again for seven seven
sessions where I experienced the
entirety of my life from beginning to
end as a happening as a totality as a
finished complete totality and this is
my first entry into what I came to call
Deep time and in that context when I
looked at relationships my the
relationships around me my people when I
looked at the issues that I was working
with in my in my profession life I could
see how deeply embedded they were in a
deeper series of karmic causal processes
that my position in history was not
accidental the people I was with were
not accidental it was a meaningful
fabric then the question became simply
how do you respond most effectively to
this meaningful fabric that your life is
part of okay that brings us to something
that uh I wasn't going to ask you about
but it seems like the right Point um you
just spoke about every decision we make
has an effect and so yesterday two days
ago um a book was released by Dr Robert
spolski and it has to do with the
science of living with no free will the
title something like that as I recall
but essentially he came to the
conclusion that there is no such thing
as making a decision in free will that
we're machines and we cannot lay
anything that we do upon ourselves any
more than we would any other machine so
I would love for you to respond to that
well I haven't read that book of course
and so no just came out yeah and uh but
that's a very familiar position among my
philosophers in my department among
philosophers in general and it deres
from a vision of the universe which is
based upon kind of a 19th century
metaphysics which sees the universe as a
machine as a deterministic machine and
all the parts are determined by the
larger movement of the whole and we have
no freedom but I think that's a deeply
outmoded and outdated vision of reality
a Quant we're now looking in a Quantum
World we're in a world which values
indeterminacy that there is a there's
much more flexibility in and in the
system than we had previously thought uh
96% of the entire of reality is dark
matter dark energy and we don't know
anything about it I think if we just
step back it's clear that much of our
psychological life is clearly highly
conditioned but within that highly
conditioned context we make choices and
the choices we make can increase the
conditioning or it can reduce the
conditioning exactly and we can increase
our freedom but nobody exist in pure
absolute freedom uh except perhaps the
awakened the fully enlightened beings
but we can increase the Freedom by
skillful
choices I hope you're enjoying this
video because if you are there are
dozens more like it on my site all
supported by people like you so if you'd
like to keep this work rolling in and
join our community just click on the
patreon button at Regin meredith.com
that also gives you access to Insider
commentary my live book club and other
Live Events with special guests so join
in
thanks I was very disturbed because the
media picked right up on this and he he
got a loudspeaker off of this one I
thought this is so archaic and
essentially saying we have no self-
responsibility either uh yes we can't
take credit for the best of us but we
also don't take credit for the worst of
ourselves we have no part in what we do
as acting as machines I thought like you
how outdated is this um considering the
quantum reality that we're becoming
aware of so one thing I wanted to read
out of your book
because your talk is this feeds into it
the notion of us we have a soul we have
something that transcends this physical
reality which that author does not
recognize by the way so you and when at
the end of the karma it says energy
started must simply complete itself and
that's the nature of karma so then I go
into this area that I chose um where
you're defining the soul itself because
a lot of people wonder what what is it
I'm made of you know at the most the
most etheric most uh Sublime part of
myself it says a story of individual
Consciousness ultimately sourced in the
creative intelligence of the cosmos
systematically moving back and forth
between the physical universe and a
surround metaverse in a long journey of
self-development I think that's one of
the best definitions of soul and the one
I probably relas most relate most
strongly to in my own system of
understanding anything that you care to
add to that so people can understand
that this soul is here for expansion
experience Choice um and anything you'd
like to add to that in terms of you what
you came to understand is what our soul
is and what it's here to do just as we
have a center of integration that
integrates all of our experiences from
this lifetime and we're not quite sure
how to describe that or what it is but
it's we know what it what it feels like
and what we can we can understand it the
soul is simply a center of integration
that integrates all of our experiences
from all of our lifetimes and our times
in between our lifetimes so it is a
center of integration that is a learning
system it's part of a learning system
which is continuously growing
continuously expanding and deepening and
if we ask what is the essence of what
that Consciousness is classic spiritual
Traditions have said the essence of
every individual the soul is the essence
of the totality Atman is Brahman the
essence of the soul is the essence of
the Divine for me uh the form if in my
deepest experience of the form of the
soul and the form of all reality is
light it's light but not light you know
not light as we experience it in the
physical world a much more profound form
of light it is light but it is light
which is self-aware and learning over
vast epics of time and continuing to
evolve as it learns and I think we are
coming in the time to a to a
transformation which is going to change
I think we are actually giving birth to
the soul inside time and space that is
usually we die we expand to the soul we
incarnate we contract to Ego we die go
expand the soul and if we just keep that
up for a few hundred thousand years
sooner or later I think the soul the
integrated Consciousness we return to
when we
die manifest or wakes up inside the
individual human being and that's what I
call the birth of the diamond Soul
literally wake up inside physical
existence I think that is the the
challenge that we are facing in this
century
we no longer have the luxury of trying
to run this planet based on the
experience of the of or the
psychological structure of individual
ego the ego is a
magnificent entity but it's limited it's
cut off from each other and from the
larger universe we need to grow up fast
and to grow up in this case is to awaken
to the soul that we already are but we
haven't experienced fully inside time
and space well that's an understat
statement yes we do need to wake up fast
and so now we come to a point where you
had a a session and after that you did
not have another one for six years you
quit for six years just briefly a
synopsis of the session why you stopped
for six years and what happened when you
picked it back up because that's the
fascinating part to me I stopped for six
years because my wife who was my sitter
asked me to too many things were coming
up out of my sessions that were very
novel and disruptive and she just wanted
the whole thing to slow down and she
asked me to stop so I did and then when
I resumed I always knew I would resume
and when I did resume six years later uh
I had my wife's support and she
continued to be my sitter through all of
the remainder of my sessions so it was
that it was kind of husband wife
negotiation yes and the other part I
found interesting is that when you
picked back up six years later you
you're being picked up at the exact same
spot you left off that was striking
because I was in the middle of the ocean
of suffering work so I was going this
horrendous suffering six years later
different period of my life uh different
expectations in different AST
astrological aspects it my sessions
began exactly where it had stopped and
continued to deep in the ocean of
suffering for another year uh mean while
but in the ecstatic portion of my
sessions when I had stopped I was doing
this you know experiencing the whole of
my life from start to finish boom now I
left all that behind and I was going
into a subtle structure reality and
being given a crash course in cosmology
How the Universe works and then we start
going to lessons 25 26 I was absolutely
fascinated with I I just I was trying
but I was trying to read into it through
my own lens and filter of understanding
and that was you were out in the cosmos
and you started
encountering fast beings fast beings
that were almost like galaxies in of
themselves and none of us have ever seen
this or felt this or experienced this
maybe just give us a glimpse into what
the what seemed to be the makeup of
these beings but the thing that
fascinated me was that you said these
beings live through Humanity experience
through Humanity love through
Humanity pH Us in I've often had kind of
reservations about that particular line
in my sessions but I kept it in because
it's in my original notes when the ocean
of suffering came to a culmination and
exploded me into a deeper level of
Consciousness the distinctive quality of
this level of Consciousness is two
things it was incredibly old Ancient
Ancient beyond anything I'd ever
imagined before very very old and it was
more real than time and space so I was
being catapulted in what I eventually
came to understand as archetypal reality
which is a level of reality which is
historically exists before time and
space exist and contribute some of the
fundamental structures of time and space
so the vision here is that all of
reality emerges out of a primal one
which starts as a void and manifest in
the form of the Big Bang but in between
the one and even the Big Bang there are
many gradations of being many unfoldings
that take place of the Divine though I I
don't like to use that word because we
have so many connotations of the Divine
want to go with but and there are many
many layers and our lower levels are
sourced in the actions of higher levels
uh and so I was encountering these I I
don't know whether they call them beings
or principles but vast vast beings and
other people have experienced them too
uh because I think it's a universal
structure we're bumping into the very
best my mind could do to give it form
was to see them as galaxies because I've
you know watched the Hubble telescope in
the James web and we see these Galax
that are billions and billions of light
years across so big we can can't even
imagine them and my mind was using those
images just to give a picture to these
beings that were not galaxies but they
have that massive scale and these beings
were part of the process of creation
creating
the uh time and space and some of the
structures within Simon space and far
far far down the line we have human
beings
and the Insight here was that in some
way all of human
beings and actually all of existence was
an expression of the intentions of these
deeper cosmological principles and
cosmological
beings in some way I'm not sure that I
got all of the pieces lined up correctly
there but I I do think
that all of Human Experience male female
all versions of Human Experience are
aspects of a species
intelligence and that species
intelligence is an aspect of a planetary
intelligence which is an aspect of a
solar system and a galactic intelligence
and there's a way in
which this these deeper
intelligences manifest as our lives and
they are experiencing the world as
as we experience the world and they're
experiencing the adventures that we are
having as as we have them so that would
bring us to the question then that our
experiences and again we're looking at
everything we're all watching this
through our mind through an egoic lens
all the filters of our past so each one
of us is hearing this the way we will
hear it but it makes us wonder if we're
kind of the end toward the end result of
these vast systems of Consciousness
intelligence desire and creativity how
much of what we're expressing in the
world is Sovereign at all well you know
when I experience this embeddedness in
these higher orders of of
creation uh I never experienced it in
any way being manipulative and I never
experienced it as being a representing a
compromise of my
individual agenda individual freedom I
experience
this downward flow of
causation but as part of a a profound
gracious uh compassionate
intelligent process which was giving me
and all of us opportunities to grow and
develop that we might not otherwise have
so it
was it we live in a conditioned Universe
it levels upon levels upon levels and at
the same time it's a creative Universe
which is constant manifesting new levels
new things emerging out of our
fundamental deep structure uh and I I
just experien this as I was seeing a
complexity that had always been there
but I had not appreciated before so
whatever is happening has always been
the way it's happening it's just that
we're beginning to be aware of what's
Happening that go you thank you gives us
each one of us we could just go over
this piece over and over and try to get
our minds around the vastness of it
thank you for that and also for sharing
that it was filled with grace I very
much appreciate that part of the story
and another one we move on to is
purification through um reincarnation
but we're looking at groups of people
tribal um Epoch periods of History are
involved when we're looking at uh
reincarnation purification through
reincarnation as groups of people uh
throughout history can you just talk
about what that looks like a little bit
well my focus was not on groups of
people but on all of humanity when I
moved into the archetypal domain I moved
into first an Eng encounter with these
Cosmic archetypes and then I was dropped
down into what you might call more of a
union level of archetypal reality where
I experienced all of humanity repeatedly
as a single organism and I was shown
given many lessons over the next year
that each of our minds were like a
fractal spark within a a species mind
each of our bodies were cells within an
integrated body of humanity uh and so
there was a continuous Flowback system
between from the whole of humanity into
the specificity of each of us
individually and then the choices that
we were making were flowing back into
the collective very similar to Rupert
sheldrake's morphic Fields uh Theory we
tend to Incarnate during different
periods of History to purify a previous
period of history but we're doing it
together or we're doing it as a species
you know and as almost soul and tribal
Geographic groups one of the things that
happened in this period is that I began
to
experience have certain Visionary
experiences of the entire human species
incarnating as a single organism and
each of our individual lives were cells
within that organism previously and I
had written a book on reincarnation
previously I had always thought of
reincarnation as the story of the
individual
Souls Journey towards Enlightenment but
now all of our I saw all of our
individual Journeys an aspect of its in
Collective journey and so what each of
us were dealing with was not just
personal it was also Collective it
wasn't just this Century it was an
expression of something taking place in
a larger pattern and I think I was given
this teaching uh which went on for a
long time years uh in order to prepare
me for what was beginning to unfold
which is this deeper vision of where
humanity is in its evolutionary Story
the challenges we are beginning to face
and the death and rebirth and the birth
of the next iteration of human
consciousness Soul Consciousness Diamond
Soul we're going to get to the diamond
soul in just a moment I just have one
more question I want to ask you before
that because this is a big one for a lot
of people watching this you had
assumptions about reincarnation and we
all have assumptions about everything
you were learned you know your this has
been your life's path as studying
this one of the things many people
watching this have in common with what
your previous belief was is that to
reach Oneness is the end of the road the
notion of Oneness is the end of the
journey can you tell us what you
discovered when you finally found that
Oneness Oneness is a profound truth I
mean it is an absolutely foundational
profound truth which is kind of a
seminal understanding that runs through
all the world's spiritual Traditions uh
it's kind of a Bedrock uh because
Oneness brings us in touch with our
essential nature which is underneath the
variability of our surface nature um
Oneness
generates deep compassion when you have
experienced Oneness you are naturally
going to be gentle with everyone around
you including yourself you'll be
compassionate beyond measure and to
experience Oneness is a profound step in
our spiritual journey but I don't think
it's the end step sometimes the end step
is described as dissolving into the the
Primal void that precedes even uh the
manifestation of the physical un
universe but in my experience even that
is not the end step should I give one
comment that you made you said it does
not exhaust all cosmological truths yes
yeah and that Oneness is a profound
stage in our development but the
universe has been evolving for 13.7
billion years it's going to continue to
be evolving for billions and billions
and billions of years an individual and
a species Awakening to the truth of
Oneness that's a profound turning point
for that individual and the species life
but evolution continues challenges
continue it's not simply that we achieve
Oneness we awaken become spiritually
realized and we leave the planet we
leave the system and go into some type
of off-planet
paradise um we oness is a profound stage
in our journey I would start sounding
like science fiction if I were to try to
share some of the things that I've been
shown about
the Magnificent being that human
humanity is evolving into please go
there this audience is open to science
fiction the future
human which I think we are given the
process of giving birth to in history
the form I've described it as the birth
of the diamond Soul this is a the future
human is not simply a human being with a
an open heart a healed heart and an
expanded heart which holds the entire
world in compassion and it's not just an
open mind which is able to take in and
enter into deeper communion with the
intelligence of the cosmos and incarnate
that intelligence within their own being
but it actually transforms the
fundamental physiology of our of our
body and our sensory experience we have
a tendency to have a mechanistic
understanding of sensation the eyes
light comes in brain processes senses
touch it's kind of very mechanical but
in in my experience in the sessions it's
not quite that simple the more conscious
we are and the more conscious we
consolidate and I'm talking about not
Consciousness which is collected over
experience over thousands and thousands
of years but the more Consciousness we
consolidate it not only heals our heart
and opens our mind it enlivens our
senses so that our eyes are in the
process our visual experience is in the
process of becoming hundreds of times
more sensitive than normal today our
taste our touch our sexuality all the
physical senses are in the process of
being transformed and if we ask how far
can this go you had an experience where
you didn't understand what was going on
as I recall when I read the book where
you were looking at something but it
didn't look as you normally saw it I
think you were looking at your hands is
that correct it was the very last
session that was the 73rd session and I
was at the end stage of that session
about 5 hours in and I was given an
experience that I came to call Diamond
Vision all of a sudden my vision was a
thousand times sharper than I'd ever
known it to be I could see things I
could discriminate colors and shades and
textures I was looking at my hands and I
was able to see every pore in every at
the base of every hair follicle I mean
it was just amazingly detailed I could
see dust floating in the air with great
Precision I could count leaves on a tree
uh and then after about 10 minutes it
disappeared and I was back to my
ordinary perfectly focused vision and
that's when I understood that I was
seeing Through The Eyes of the future
human that the future human is a
transformation of our physical sensation
of our entire so our entire
existence is being polished evoked
brought forward into deeper forms of
manifestation by the universe this is so
beautiful and that was as I recall
ession 71 through 73 where you were
shown that this human being this vehicle
is designed for Rapid
transformation and please expand on that
a moment before we come toward our close
here well in the 70th Vision I was given
what I consider the last great vision of
my uh Journey after that it was kind of
wening it up but in that journey I was
taken deeply into deep time uh and given
Three core
experiences and one of those
experiences was an insight into how it
is that humanity is actually built
designed for Accelerated evolution
and it's basically we have the surface
of our being is reincarnation we
incarnate we learn we grow we change we
make decisions we incarnate again
different this says that part but
underneath the incarn our incarnating
self there is a deeper structure which
holds all of our incarnational memories
and is the fundamental blueprint in a
sense from within which we we act and
behave so that all of humanity is
growing and changing growing and
changing and there is a structure to the
collective psyche a very specific
structure which is accumulating and
storing all this information while we
change individually this deeper than
individual structure is holding it and
periodically that deeper structure goes
through a change of a pivot it's what I
call a shift in the plate tectonics of
the of the collective psyche I think
it's the genius of creation that we
learn at an individual level but
collects at a deeper level and
periodically that deeper level changes
and after that shift takes place all
individual
experience is based on that changed
fundamental psyche so that after we go
through the birth of the future human
all future incarnations of all beings
all pH human beings will be operating
out of transform this new fundamental
Collective psyche and it's going to
continue it doesn't stop
so individuals learn and grow it's
collected at a deeper level and that
deeper level learns and grow like R rer
CHR talks about morphogenic fields and
it's an ongoing continuous evolving
process and you know I've interviewed
many many people over the last 20 years
in this particular role and I do also
interview people who Channel other
beings from other times and spaces and
one thing that has come up repeatedly is
that what humanity is moving toward it's
a total overlay with what you're saying
is to this expansive being this refined
being that incarnates into the physical
body who's operating Through the Heart
Center as the primary influence of
intelligence and that we this is a
species that can end up and will end up
being a model for other species
throughout the universes is that how you
saw it too once we can embody all of
this you know there was just one piece
one line in all of the sessions that
seemed to indicate something like that I
what I inted was that Earth was a Hut
house growing a form of Consciousness
that would in time be exported to other
solar systems in our galaxy now I don't
think we're the origin of of all life
and and I'm sure that there is evolution
taking place in highly developed forms
and all sorts of systems and other
galaxies but at least here we seem to be
growing something which is destined
seemed to me just that one inclination
seems to be destined for more than
planet Earth well I just wanted to say
you have validation there from other
sources who have given that information
through to us now it's a while getting
there we just have to trip through these
times uh I again I I can't thank you
enough for the courage it took you we
didn't talk about what you went through
but I mean we're talking
about life wrecking consequences of
taking such high doses of LSD that you
say now was really insane to have done
but you didn't know any better you live
through it thank God because it really
it really pushed you out there and I
truly do not I do not recommend I'd be
much gentler if I were doing it my again
and I recommend a gentler protocol if
you're going to work with psychedelics
yes yes and you say that repeatedly in
the book so I I recommend for people to
really dive into this we just touched a
few places in the book there's so much
more connective tissue to this story of
the human the collective human being and
um any final thoughts you want to leave
us with today before we sign off first I
want to thank you for uh helping bring
the message from uh this work
forward um psychedelics is simply a prot
call it's a new methodology for
accessing these deep States Of
Consciousness but it's simply a modern
version we have many protocols that have
been accessing these deep States Of
Consciousness psychedelics are not
important they're not the signature of
this work they're simply an amplifier
it's Consciousness that does the work
it's Consciousness that if we use these
sessions skillfully it's Consciousness
that really does the work that opens us
to these things so I would really at the
end I would deemphasize the psychedelics
and emphasize the Consciousness which
psychedelics amplify and there are many
ways to reach that yes again Christopher
thank you so much and I look forward to
meeting you in the flesh in the Gaia
Studios where we'll go over this but
start filling in some of the pieces we
didn't weren't able to get to today okay
thank you Regina I look forward to that
too thank you so everybody again the
title of the book is LSD and the mind of
the universe Christopher bash and um I
can't recommend it highly enough it
it'll take you to places that you never
dreamed existed so until next time thank
you for joining us here on Regina
meredith.com if you enjoyed this video
be sure to subscribe to my YouTube
channel and you might also want to
consider joining patreon which allows me
to keep all of this content free and
available to everyone and if you're
looking for like-minded Souls you might
also enjoy my online community called
our neighborhood links to join are in
the
description